hi there guys
so back home in the land of the Midnight
Sun in the summer up in northern
Scandinavia and I'm really really
excited to be back how I'm after some
travel but also I'm especially excited
that I've now received the production
model of the Israeli track and I'm a or
a member from my other videos the the
tests I did was on the prototype knife
and so I just wanted to put together
this really brief video to update you on
some of the final changes that were made
after the prototype for production so
first thing to be aware of that the
knife comes with two parts you get this
fantastic survival kit in its own little
sort of male pouch which I'm going to do
a separate video on because it's so much
detail to go in there but today let's
just keep it brief so we've got the
knife in this fantastic sheath let's
just take a quick look at the knife so
what's been basically added here is this
fantastic scalloped serrated edge on
there on the back part of the knife here
and a lot of knife manufacturers to save
costs so right there the belly of the
blade which is a big mistake in my mind
so nice that we've got the serrated edge
for working with sort of fiber and rope
and things like that but we've kept the
main blade nice and clean they've
actually put better handle scales on
these more grippy handle scales and also
with the the means of these screw thread
you can actually remove amend modify or
change these should you wish to then the
only final amendment is there's a slight
bit of reprofiling on the back of the
tank here this still works perfectly
well as a striker for a firesteel
perfectly well as this for the last
point but they've just kind of squared
it off and refine the profile of that a
little bit and it's actually a little
bit more of a sort of skull crusher
component than the previous one so those
the main changes on the knife itself you
saw me do the test before so you're well
aware of the capabilities of this let's
just talk then a little bit about the
sheath which is what I didn't have last
time some a very strong positive
well-made Cordura sheath with lots of
sort of moly attachment points you see
on there and these actual large sort of
loop down at the bottom which you can
thread cordage through so depending on
where you mount in life you can use to
secure it that way or use the security
inverted you've also got these
masticated loops on the side again for
securing or you can actually put some
gear down in nose asylum light stick a
large fire steel and a sharpening stone
or ceramic rod or something like that
he's all going to fit in there nicely a
real nice feature on the sheath that I
found was obviously you've got this big
positive positive sorry crested
attachment wrapping the main handle here
but you've actually got he's a second
attachment option see if I decide I
don't want to use this dual press stud I
can fold that back out of the way and
what I've actually got is this other
securing option to come over there the
finger guard and secure the knife that
way that was just a really really nice
feature to be included this then can
fold out of the way behind the sheet and
sort of connect back there and you've
got this large velcro loop fastening
meaning it can go on and off a belt
quite easily quite often you find that
with that fixed leap on on a main cargo
bell obviously you need to remove the
belt to take the knife on and off the
good advantage with this positive velcro
closures I can actually stall or lash
the knife without needing to remove the
belt should I wish to again you've got
further sort of loop attachment points
down low here so you can secure it on
the outside of a MOLLE pack or onto
webbing or different gear configurations
depend on how you want to so I was
really really impressed by the design of
the sheath overall in the amount of
options and flexibility it gives you for
mounting positions and carry positions
so those are the main updates I didn't
want to keep this video brief because I
have a horrible habit of sort of
chatting on so those the updates and
I'll do the survival kit video a little
later and upload that as soon as I can